‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎What happened? Who are you?
‎I'm... uh, I... I don't know.
‎I don't remember my own name!
‎Me neither.
‎Looks like you and I
‎were at the same costume party!
‎Why is that flashing?
‎And your earrings too!
‎We must shop at the same store!
‎-Are we supposed to know each other?
‎-I'd be surprised if we weren't.
‎Aaah! There are giant bugs!
‎Mice? Bug-mice?
‎Wow! I am starving right now!
‎Hi there! What are you exactly?
‎Genies, like the one in the lamp?
‎If I'm a genie, where's my lamp?
‎Besides, where am I? And who are you?
‎-What was that thing doing in my earring?
‎-I'm not a "thing," I'm...
‎ I don't know what I am!
‎But I do know that I'm very hungry!
‎-Aw, poor little... ‎no thing‎.
‎OK, we're gonna keep our cool here.
‎We've all lost our memories and
‎we don't know why, but we'll find out!
‎What is it this time?
‎-We can't stay here!
‎-Couldn't agree more!
‎-Perhaps we should help them?
‎-I'm not going anywhere until I know
‎what smells so good in that boy's shirt!
‎We seem to be exceptional beings,
‎unlike them!
‎Thank you!
‎Let's get outta here!
‎-The exit is blocked.
‎-We'll have to find another way out.
‎-Fast!
‎-Over there!
‎OK! We're stuck in a building, with
‎amnesia, being chased by a... a thing
‎that's got it in for us big time!
‎Not to the mention the creatures who
‎appeared when our costumes disappeared!
‎Uh, excuse me,
‎but the creatures are hungry.
‎Would you mind opening up your shirt
‎to see what smells so good?
‎Camembert?
‎It's the most beautiful thing
‎I've ever seen!
‎-Will this do?
‎-Mmm! Thank you!
‎Marinette!
‎My name is Marinette Dupain-Cheng.
‎Pleased to meet you, Marinette.
‎-Adrien Agreste.
‎-Super nice to meet you too, Adrien.
‎Of course! We've still got our phones!
‎Brilliant!
‎Is yours locked too?
‎The thing's coming this way!
‎We need to find
‎a way out of this building!
‎And we will! Until then...
‎-What do we do?
‎-Shh!
‎Argh! We will get you.
‎Wow! You seem to always have
‎the right idea at the right time!
‎I hope you're right!
‎Aaah!
‎-Sorry.
‎-OK, I suggest we go upstairs.
‎-But there's no way out up there!
‎We'll get trapped again!
‎We can hide out here
‎while we signal for help!
‎Good idea!
‎No handle! And the glass is tinted!
‎They won't be able to see us!
‎The phone lines are down. If only
‎I could remember how to unlock this.
‎Wait!
‎Nice work, Marinette!
‎Uh-oh! But who should we call?
‎-I'm almost out of battery!
‎-Me too. We should call our parents first.
‎Gabriel Agreste. Probably... my dad.
‎This is my voicemail. To leave a message,
‎please call my secretary.
‎Let's hope you have better luck.
‎Agreste... ‎Césaire‎... ‎Couphène‎...
‎Dupain-Cheng Sabine!
‎Marinette, are you OK?
‎They're saying Ladybug and Cat Noir
‎are battling a villain
‎at Montparnasse Tower!
‎Isn't that
‎where you were going today?
‎-Cat Noir and Ladybug?
‎-Marinette? Is everything OK?
‎-Where are you?
‎-Uh, sure, Mom! Everything's OK!
‎I'm with my friends. Safe! Don't worry!
‎I'm so relieved. Whatever you do, stay
‎there until the villain's been defeated!
‎Sure, Mom, I will! Love you!
‎-Why didn't you ask her for help?
‎-I have both good and bad news.
‎The good news is there are superheroes
‎here that will stop that supervillain.
‎The bad news is... we're the superheroes
‎and that thing that's chasing us
‎is the supervillain we are supposed to
‎defeat with superpowers we no longer have!
‎Nobody? We must have missed something!
‎They have to be inside the building,
‎Oblivio.
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir can't have escaped.
‎Retrace your steps.
‎They must have transformed back by now,
‎and with their memories erased,
‎you won't have any trouble
‎getting their Miraculous!
‎If my own mother doesn't know I'm Ladybug,
‎then nobody must know!
‎What about us? Do you think we know?
‎Hmm.
‎I feel like we're more
‎than just a superhero team.
‎Do you think we're...
‎-Looks like it.
‎-We must have told each other everything.
‎I couldn't hide my identity
‎from the girl I love.
‎So, if we're the superheroes,
‎then what are they?
‎I have no idea.
‎You can't just leave.
‎We have to help them!
‎We don't even know who we are
‎or who they are!
‎And I don't want to help out
‎a couple of strangers!
‎You may not remember,
‎but you know this about yourself.
‎You're a selfish being and a total coward!
‎Me? A coward? I am not a coward!
‎I... I'm a free spirit!
‎So don't come if you don't want to,
‎but I'm outta here!
‎-Did he go to get help?
‎-I don't think we should hold our breath!
‎Ladybug? Cat Noir? We know you're in here!
‎You won't get away this time!
‎You remember your BFF Oblivio, don't you?
‎Don't tell us you've... forgotten us!
‎Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
‎I'm not convinced that this monster
‎is really our best friend.
‎One thing's for sure,
‎if we're superheroes,
‎he can't find out our secret identities.
‎How about some kind of diversion? We get
‎out of here and take the emergency stairs!
‎Sorry, I need this.
‎I'll call you. Then when he comes,
‎we make a run for it.
‎I'll use the tape to pull your phone back.
‎Ready?
‎No wonder I fell in love with you!
‎Ah-ah! Gotcha! You shouldn't have
‎"forgotten" to switch off your phone!
‎No!
‎You're trying to fool Oblivio again!
‎But it's not gonna work this time!
‎Or perhaps we give you too much credit.
‎Ha, ha, ha!
‎You saved our lives! Thank you!
‎Let's go back where we were.
‎It's the last place
‎he'll think of looking for us.
‎Pff... a coward? Me? Whatever!
‎Huh? Huh? Adrien?
‎I may not remember my own name,
‎but I know for a fact that I'm brave!
‎I... I am...
‎This is called psychological harassment!
‎-Sorry, your phone's out of juice.
‎-No worries.
‎We're doing pretty well
‎even without powers.
‎It's true. You two make
‎a very effective couple!
‎Yes, but if we want a real shot
‎at defeating this villain,
‎we must become
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir again!
‎Maybe we can gather hints
‎by watching some news footage
‎to see what happened
‎before he erased our memories!
‎-Hey! Do something!
‎-What do you want me to do?
‎-I don't know. You're the cop!
‎-I am?
‎-Nadia, you're on the air.
‎-Me? What do I do?
‎Uh... Don't be bemused,
‎it's just the news.
‎Since early this afternoon,
‎a supervillain by the name of Oblivio
‎has been erasing the memories
‎of everyone he meets.
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir are tracking
‎him down in Montparnasse Tower.
‎Right now, he's the one tracking us down!
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir are toying with you,
‎Oblivio. If you can't find them...
‎Then we'll flush them out of hiding,
‎Hawk Moth!
‎Looks like Ladybug and Cat Noir
‎are struggling today!
‎And stop calling us a couple!
‎We don't exactly look lovey-dovey!
‎Probably a regular fight,
‎like all couples have!
‎The battle against Oblivio continues.
‎Oh, no! Cat Noir has been hit!
‎But Ladybug pulls him out of danger.
‎-What is she doing? Ladybug is down too!
‎-The drawing!
‎There was a drawing on the elevator wall!
‎I remember now. It was a turtle.
‎I saw it when I was looking
‎for my mom's number.
‎-There it is!
‎-You left yourself a message! So smart!
‎Mmm.
‎-Hello?
‎-Mr Turtle?
‎Marinette? Is there a problem?
‎Listen,
‎I can't remember who I am or who you are.
‎Oblivio has erased my memory.
‎But I think I'm supposed to call you!
‎You did the right thing!
‎-Is Cat Noir with you?
‎-Yeah... Well, Adrien, actually.
‎You two know
‎your true identities then?
‎-We're not supposed to?
‎-That's OK.
‎The Miraculous Ladybugs
‎will repair everything anyway!
‎We've figured out we're superheroes, but
‎we don't know how to get back to that.
‎Mr Turtle! You'll have to tell us quick.
‎I'm almost out of battery!
‎Are your kwamis with you?
‎If you mean the flying creatures,
‎then the red one is with us!
‎OK, listen carefully. The red kwami's name
‎is Tikki. She gives you your powers.
‎Say "Tikki, spots on"
‎and you'll transform into Ladybug.
‎You'll find an emergency
‎user's guide in your Bugphone.
‎Adrien, your kwami's the black one.
‎His name is Plagg.
‎Tell him, "Plagg, claws out"
‎and you'll become Cat Noir again.
‎The rest is in your Catphone.
‎But... my kwami took off!
‎You won't be able to transform
‎without him --
‎You're a selfish being,
‎and a total coward!
‎I am not a coward!
‎And I'm not selfish either!
‎But... maybe this Adrien boy
‎has some yummy camembert left!
‎Ladybug! Cat Noir! If you don't come out
‎of hiding and give us your Miraculous,
‎this giant bubble's gonna erase the
‎memories of every single person in Paris!
‎It's time to bring Ladybug back!
‎Tikki, spots on!
‎Yeah!
‎Wow! It was amazing!
‎Thanks!
‎But I don't feel like a superhero at all!
‎You've already proven that you are one,
‎with or without a costume!
‎OK. There seems to be
‎a kind of button here.
‎User's guide?
‎Yoyo's features. Capturing the akuma,
‎one-time power, "Lucky Charm?"
‎Well... Aaah!
‎What am I supposed to do with this?
‎Make tea?
‎-Maybe it's part of a puzzle or riddle.
‎-You're right.
‎It must be just one part of the solution,
‎but how am I going to find‎ the‎ solution?
‎Don't worry. You always have the right
‎idea at the right time! You got this!
‎It's time for action!
‎Marinette! I want to fight beside you.
‎If we're a couple,
‎then we'll be stronger together!
‎But you don't have your kwami
‎or your superpowers!
‎And without your costume, the villain
‎would know your true identity!
‎But most of all, I wouldn't want
‎anything to happen to you!
‎I'm starting to understand
‎how much you mean to me, Adrien.
‎Please, stay there.
‎Ladybug is here to protect you.
‎Wow! I don't need any memory
‎to know that I love that girl!
‎"The Miraculous enhances
‎all physical abilities."
‎That will come in handy!
‎It looks like Ladybug has gotten
‎her powers back, but not her memory.
‎Seize her Miraculous, Oblivio!
‎Wahoo! Ha, ha!
‎Super-agility is super awesome!
‎Aaah!
‎Ha, ha!
‎You've forgotten your reflexes, huh?
‎Now we'll make sure you forget everything
‎else, including your Miraculous!
‎Attacking a lady on the ground!
‎Did you forget your manners?
‎Adr‎--
‎So, can I be of any help in any way?
‎-Plagg?
‎-Plagg? So that's my name? Plagg?
‎Yeah! And you got here
‎just at the right time!
‎Plagg, claws out!
‎What's that?
‎Hey! Pretty cool, right?
‎Very cool, but try not to lose
‎your memory again!
‎Hmm. Stick's features.
‎Superpower... Cata--
‎Stop!
‎It'll trigger it if you say it out loud!
‎-And it says it can only be used once.
‎-What does your power do, exactly?
‎-I can destroy anything I touch!
‎-Then stay away from me.
‎-That's not gonna be easy, my... lady!
‎-Ha, ha!
‎Seems like you've forgotten about
‎your last defeat! Oh, how silly of us!
‎-Of course you have!
‎-We won't stand a chance
‎-until we stop him from firing at us!
‎-Of course!
‎His left hand is different
‎from his body!
‎-That must be where the akuma is hiding!
‎-I've no idea what the ‎hakuna‎matata‎ is,
‎but I trust you! So what's the plan?
‎Can you get him
‎to forget about me for a while?
‎I'm on it! Hey, you!
‎Wanna play cat and mouse with me?
‎The first one who tags the other wins!
‎-What in the-- ?
‎-Cat Noir, now!
‎Cataclysm!
‎No more evildoing for you, little akuma!
‎Time to de-evilise!
‎Gotcha!
‎Bye, little butterfly!
‎Wow! So this villain was both these guys?
‎-What do we do about that?
‎-This is where my other power comes in.
‎It fixes everything back
‎to how it was originally!
‎Wait. Do you think
‎we'll remember all this afterwards?
‎Apparently, my Miraculous reverts
‎everything. So I'm guessing we won't.
‎All right, then.
‎With your permission, milady.
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎Uh, Ladybug? Cat Noir?
‎You haven't seen a villain
‎named Oblivio, have you?
‎-You've defeated it already, dude!
‎-Actually, he was us!
‎-Oh, OK.
‎Pound it?
‎Pound it!
‎We do make a good couple, don't you think?
‎Otherwise we wouldn't have won again.
‎Ugh! We're a "team," not a "couple"!
‎Don't start that again! I've already told
‎you that I'm in love with another boy!
‎Besides, your "charming kitty act"
‎was the reason we got distracted
‎and got into all this trouble
‎in the first place! Laugh all you want!
‎Hey! What are you doing?
‎Everyone saw that? This is a disaster!
‎What on Earth happened?
‎Well, we'd make a good-looking couple!
‎We're meant for each other, milady.
‎You're the only one who doesn't see it!
‎This conversation is not over!
‎I won't soon forget this,
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir!
‎The love you both secretly have
‎for each other will be your downfall!
‎Right, so... Nino and I wanted to say
‎we're sorry for what happened today.
‎Were you two Oblivio?
‎Why erase everyone's memory?
‎Remember when we visited the tower?
‎We went and hid, to play Super Pinguino.
‎But Miss Bustier caught us...
‎And you make fun of us for playing
‎that game, saying it wasn't our age...
‎-We were embarrassed at getting caught!
‎-That's when we got akumatised!
‎Next time, just make sure you play at home
‎and not on school field trips.
‎-Understood?
‎-Yes, Miss Bustier. We're sorry again.
‎It's no biggie! ‎Juleka‎ and I
‎often play Super Pinguino together!
‎Everybody loves that game, you know.
‎-You know, sometimes even Chloé and I --
‎-Hey!
‎I haven't played it yet, but it looks fun!
‎All you need is to find the right partner.
‎Right, Marinette?
‎I don't believe it! I actually kissed
‎Cat Noir! How could this have happened?
‎Who knows? Maybe you still have
‎things to learn about him?
‎I can't believe it, Plagg.
‎She finally fell in love with me,
‎-and I've forgotten all about it!
‎-You're right, that's really unlucky.
‎You know what? It doesn't matter.
‎If it happened once, it can happen again!
‎At least now I know
‎my dream can come true.